[Music]
the financial crisis was intentionally
caused by those in control behind the
scenes they designed the monetary system
using private central banks forcing the
public to accept their fiat currency as
legal tender they loan it out at
interest creating a perpetual downward
spiral of debt
slavery in the original the money GPS
the reader learns the foundational
knowledge historical analysis and then a
deep understanding of the four asset
classes and how to profit from
them global economic collapse addresses
familiar Concepts from the original book
but leads into the money GPS strategy in
order to evade the subjugation of the
monetary system the money GPS strategy
was
born you will learn how to earn income
reduce your debt tax incentives reduce
your monthly expenses and become
[Music]
self-sufficient global economic collapse
is available now at Amazon
[Music]